added description for skipreadonlyvalidation (#44596)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/skip-read-only-validation-gce.md

Reviewer: **Aside:**
```yaml
stages:
  - stage: alpha 
    defaultValue: false
    fromVersion: "1.28"
    toVersion: "1.28"
  - stage: deprecated
    defaultValue: true
    fromVersion: "1.29"  
```

Is this right? It doesn't sound like a deprecated feature gate.

Author: Sorry I missed it, I think stage should be changed to "beta". Am I right @sftim . Correct me if I am wrong

Author: @sftim I need a confirmation for this

Reviewer: You could:
- check the Kubernetes code
- ask the associated SIG (I think that's SIG Cloud Provider)

Author: @sftim Shall I document the stage as generally available ??

Reviewer: > You could:
> 
>     * check the Kubernetes code
> 
>     * ask the associated SIG (I think that's SIG Cloud Provider)

Please do one of these things; we can help you learn how to.

    defaultValue: true
    fromVersion: "1.29"  
---
Disable validation for Google Cloud Engine (GCE) regarding the 

> usage of PersistentDisk volumes. In previous versions, workloads 

Reviewer: This rewording is important because a reader won't have context that this refers to the v1.29 release.

> (e.g., Deployments, DaemonSets, etc.) using PersistentDisk volumes 

Author: Noted

were required to operate in read-only mode. This validation, despite 
incurring relatively high implementation costs, provided limited value. 

> Starting from version 1.29, this validation is no longer enforced. If 
> you encounter issues with this change in a specific use-case, you can 
> set the SkipReadOnlyValidationGCE feature gate to false to re-enable 
> the validation. If necessary, please file a Kubernetes bug report with 
> details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, Kubernetes no longer enforces that validation.
If you find that you need the legacy behavior in your cluster, you can 
set this feature gate (`SkipReadOnlyValidationGCE`) to false, which then activates
the legacy validation.

If you have a case where you find you need to enable this feature gate, please
consider filing a bug report against Kubernetes.
```

Author: Thank you for the correction , I am adding commits as per suggestion
